TransCredit - 2025 09 26 17 14 CEST - Recording
[Speaker 2]
Okay.
[Speaker 1]
And then a report description.
[Speaker 2]
Okay.
[Speaker 1]
Now her, we have different report descriptions that we use. If it's manual, we do the month and
the city. So this one, she put August Bath because that's the city that it's in.
If it's an e-remit, it'll say August ER. If it's an upload that comes through the website, it'll say
August Upload. That way everybody knows how we got this.
[Speaker 2]
Okay.
[Speaker 1]
So then the person that processes this report will go into control and pull up the report
number.
[Speaker 2]
I like the flowers here. Very nice. That's cute.
[Speaker 1]
The flowers? Oh, yeah. Those are super old.
The guy who created this program.
[Speaker 2]
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[Speaker 1]
And he used to change it for every holiday that was Easter. I don't know who the appointed set

is, but it's really old.
[Speaker 2]
Yeah, yeah, but it's cute.
[Speaker 1]
Okay, so it pulls this report up and then we're going to go to input and sometimes we have to
change these depending on what state we're in or what product we're keying in, but mostly it
stays right here. So we're going to input the issue. Here is our certificate.
This one doesn't have a certificate number. That's a printing problem with their platform
provider. When they don't provide a certificate number, we use the last four digits of the social
and then we let agent services know, hey, they're not printing certificates, and they reach out to
the platform and try and fix it.
So since we don't have a certificate, we use the last four digits of the social. If it was a branch
and officer, we would see that in. And then here is the ...
[Speaker 2]
It's okay. I'm here. Have it your way.
It's fine. Okay.
[Speaker 1]
Cool. Make it safe. ...
[Speaker 2]
...
[Speaker 1]
...
[Speaker 2]
... ... I'm sorry for this.
I hate it myself, to be honest. Whenever I do this, something wrong happens. ...
[Speaker 1]
... This is the code. It's a one.
We coded a one. Okay Now had they not answered it would be a three and it would kick what

happens on the safe. So so So if they didn't answer health questions, mm-hmm, it would be a
three and it's going to kick an air Okay, and so when it kicks an air and everything's keyed in We
exit we were in the snapshot Uh-huh, and you'll see those certificates usually roll down here
and the runner error list and so many errors we may have Okay, that was an air.
Okay, then we either reach out to the agent So we need health questions or we clear up
whatever air most of the errors that happen happen at the bank okay, um, you know the
customers too old and they can't have insurance or They've not calculated this correctly or a lot
of times like with net coverage This is your amount finance, but if it's decreasing coverage at
your total payments, sometimes they put the wrong
[Speaker 2]
Amount for the type of coverage right silly and the engine scans it and it's capable of Tria, well,
it's just capturing those right? Okay, and so then we fix it.
[Speaker 1]
So right Here they've answered health questions. We're going to run the snapshot That's
awesome, so if there's any errors no errors now this is over limits This tells us if the agent if the
customer has multiple policies at the bank That exceed the age of limits wasn't any So now we
run this this shows us that here's money and here's the report. It's balanced.
Nobody owes anything, right? so then we'll print that and Then we print this customer list,
which tells us who all is on the report. Mm-hmm, and then all of this gets Scanned.
[Speaker 2]
Okay. Yes Oh So may I will probably be asking something silly because I'm I'm not that familiar
with this process at all So what what you just did is Kind of digitalizing And putting into the
database new Certificate or no Because so far it's just a report that you've been working on and
then you take All of these certificates are tied to this report, right?
[Speaker 1]
This is this bank's monthly totals that they sold for the month of September Okay, this says
August. Yeah, this is what they've sold for the month of August, right? This is what they owe us
for their whole month But we have to put it in our system, right?
[Speaker 2]
And I mean by our system you mean actually you're going to access and then putting the data
And then you run snapshots checks and after this there will be a final button that will probably
Write into the insert data into the database. Am I correct?
[Speaker 1]

Yeah, I'm really Sorry if I interrupted your process.
[Speaker 2]
I'm sorry.
[Speaker 1]
I'm just kind of let me show you So, this is a report I did last month that I didn't get to I finished
it but So here are the errors that happened. Yes These they've collected the wrong premium
This is the common problem with this agent. It just it's wrong.
Okay We know that it is because we've calculated it based on the rate in the term and this is
correct plus this benefits the customers Right and when we make these changes Because the
agent has paid us this money for what they submitted We make changes that affect that
balance.
[Speaker 2]
All right.
[Speaker 1]
All right, we go in here and fix anything that has hit on the error list So this run snapshot what
that button does which a man does not like the button Yeah, what that button does is it's
scanning all the certificates for any kind of errors they make once we make changes we don't
hit that button again because What this is called an exception report. Okay, and this is telling
the agent all of the changes that we made so We owe them $34 and 67 cents based on the
adjustments that were right And then here is a screen we go. So When we update in the
system, it's only updating the numbers, right, um, this is where we have to go in and give Typed
explanations on what happened now.
We do have codes But we don't like this. Here's all of our codes. Uh-huh But then we just kind of
have to plug things in okay, but this just tells the agent What happened?
[Speaker 2]
Oh, right.
[Speaker 1]
I just got rid of that one. So let me fix that real quick. Sure This is the part that Takes us the
longest.
[Speaker 2]
Mm-hmm Okay, and this is for this certificate. That's the cost.

[Speaker 1]
Yeah, this was last month and this is for this bank. I Have to decline this person so I haven't got
to do a letter yet So that's why it's still sitting here because I need to type up the letter and then
email this billing to the agent. Uh-huh So here is Billings that I sent last month.
Mm-hmm One of this is something like that So here is an email that I sent to an agent here is
the Attachment, uh-huh. So it basically says that they owe us 21,000. They didn't send a check
And there's no exceptions.
They just didn't send us any money, right? So we're going to report it Okay, and this is kind of
what we send them. Okay, I Have an agent with exceptions Think that it's rainy outside, but it's
a machine printer.
Yeah Okay, that's just one little exception, but there's a letter. Okay So here's the letter that we
sent one goes to the customer one goes to the agent one goes on file okay, and because we if
we change life premium disability premium or AD&D we have to legally notify the customer
that we changed it.
[Speaker 2]
Makes sense.
[Speaker 1]
So that is a billing that has exceptions Okay If we send these all month I'd like to find one with a
lot of exceptions Interesting While you're searching may I ask for this So here's a lot of
exceptions, okay So this agent uses the wrong refund method, okay, they're doing it pro-rata,
which is actually rule 78 Or actually they're doing rule 78 when it should be pro-rata. So they're
shorting their customer this much money They're not refunding correctly. So we go and fix all
of these adjustments, right?
We send them an additional $15 Which is after commission. Yeah, but they just use the wrong
refund method and they will not or cannot update their system So there's one of a lot of
exceptions I wanted you to see
[Speaker 2]
and this is interesting because my original impression was that the system that we're going to
work on and transcredit is specifically devoted to Certificate updates and inserts like basically
two tasks if a certificate gets updated you do some magic Something I don't know on this part
of the system and then the database catches it and you know updates the certificates but what
you're talking about is about exceptions and interactions with third-party, you know, yes people
and organizations
[Speaker 1]

So the exceptions that we make which is what we spend most of our time doing either the loan
officer made a mistake where they put the loan information in their system or their system is
not doing something correctly or There are platforms out there that just will not Cannot help
them. Um, so we constantly are getting errors and we can only update them based on state
regulations Their agreement with plateau What their Certificate this certificate has a lot of
language in the background that says you're going to refund it this way You're going to do this.
You're going to do that So we have to go through all of those legal documents and that is what
we have to make our changes on Okay, because if we get hit with an audit, it has to be correct
We have to prove it and so the majority of our time is spent fixing what they messed up.
[Speaker 2]
Mm-hmm And is it fair to say that? You cannot do anything the certificate unless no errors are
anymore.
[Speaker 1]
So to say well So we have to track exactly what the agent did versus what changes we make
Okay, so we whoever keys these reports in we kid in exactly we know it's wrong We see a kick.
We have to just pretend we don't see it Everything is to balance to this because because this is
exactly Okay, then we have to make all the changes that should have happened.
[Speaker 2]
Uh-huh.
[Speaker 1]
And here's your difference. We're billing you for the difference We have to show them the
difference. So we we can't make corrections as we go.
[Speaker 2]
Mm-hmm. I see so may I Like rephrase the flow So you get the certificate as is you dump it into
the system as is or update it as is as and you know Because of your scripts there's something
might be wrong, but you you dump it into the system and then you start Interacting to fix it
one. Yeah once it's fixed you go back to the Certificate and update it so that it will get updated
into the system because originally it was inserted as incorrect or yes So so we key everything
exactly how it printed on the policy and then everything we balance to these numbers, right?
[Speaker 1]
And then once we're balanced, then we start looking at the corrections. Is it an input error? Is it
something we did wrong as we enter the certificate if that's the case, then we clear that We only
show the errors that happened here because we fix the input errors if there were any We fix
those and then we print the error list again After there's no input errors to show the agent.

Here's what happened and then we Update our system the correct amount. We write we Make
notes on the billing to explain to the agent. Here's why we made the change And then we show
them we send them a billing with the changes either they are us more money.
We are more money We do customer letters if it's incorrect because legally we have to notify
them And the agent will read that billing and they have questions They always want to know
they read most of them read that billing and they will come back Some of them will come back
and say What it what did my platform do wrong and they will reach back out to their platform
and some of them can fix the errors but sometimes they can't or Our system is set up to
calculate the premium based on monthly payments if The customer came in and did bi-weekly
payments or annual payments or semi-annual payments It will kick and we have to run a quote.
Okay, and if we can run a quote Which I had one yesterday If we can run a quote based on the
annual payments, we force per quote will force the coverage because the premium isn't wrong
Right.
It's just our system only calculates monthly because our system doesn't know. Hey, this
customer is only making one payment in five years, right?
[Speaker 2]
Right. Yeah, I get it
[Speaker 1]
So this is an agent that they're brand new they just came over the company they were Working
with quit selling the insurance, but they were using our papers That I don't have it The
certificate was coming through This was an error that their system is making because they're
clicking a button that they shouldn't be clicking And that is all that's happening That was the
brand new agent So this is what we balance to and here are the exceptions and what happened
was Have it on here It's printing this extra little premium, right? Yeah Yeah, I think because
they're clicking this box when they're printing this certificate and they can't have that So we
have some loan documents even though it's just 32 cents. We have to know tell them that
That's not correct.
I have to explain that We adjusted it based on that coverage based on the amount financed and
we have to But keying it in you have to key that in wrong knowing that shouldn't be there to be
able to track What they did wrong and what you're doing to fix it. Okay, which is kind of what's
happening here
[Speaker 2]
this is very interesting, so it seems like Certificates can go Different amount wise just like on this
example even by this very little amount They can go change drastically because of the errors all
years

[Speaker 1]
So yeah, a lot of agent will print so if the loan has two people on the loan, but they're only
insuring one person Certificate will print two people even though it's not supposed to So if it
prints two people and it's single coverage We have to key it in exactly the way it printed
because this is a legal document So we print it in that way it kicks and then we have to tell this
customer Hey, there's a printing error.
Your name printed on here was single coverage You are not insured right so they can't file a
claim later on right with us. That's something we see a lot But yeah, that's that's the majority of
what we spend our time doing is fixing What got messed up when these were printed?
[Speaker 2]
Okay, got it. So now I'm looking into my some notes. I'm sorry.
They are in Russian. You're fine But Okay So you are probably in close touch with Eamon. Are
you?
Yes, so He's wanting and I'm just trying to understand why he is wanting this because the
system seems to be okay Maybe it's out of date, but it seems to be working just fine. No, what
do you think?
[Speaker 1]
It's slow But yes, it it does. It's very user-friendly Because it's Excel based right? Yeah.
Yeah It's very user-friendly but I think I think what they're hoping to do is that they want to
build a system that fixes these corrections Yes, so my yeah, I'm sorry I'm reading again.
[Speaker 2]
I get it. So what what I have here two points is They Wanting to do so first of all, they want to
migrate this stuff from access to the plateau web service or whatever They call it. Yeah, so it
doesn't really change from your perspective it's just you will be dealing with another system,
but it's design is the paper purpose will stay the same for sure, but Here it says they want to
add more parameters by which you can conduct search for certificate Does it ring a bell to you?
Anyhow? No, so do you do already conduct some? Do you have a use case where you are
searching for some certain certificate?
We search for it here Yeah, and it doesn't have a certificate number in social or customer, right?
Isn't it already not enough because you've got already comprehensive list of fields. So you are
satisfied with that, right?
[Speaker 1]

Yes Yeah, we if we need to search for a certificate
[Speaker 2]
I'm just wondering why this this request like if we put in this certificate number
[Speaker 1]
And don't put in any other information it's gonna bring up It will bring up all the certificates So
it's gonna bring up all the certificates that are close to this Yeah, but if we put in the agent if we
and if we don't know the agent number we can click here let's say So we know the effective date
if we click here dates, right, right That's who we're looking for like yeah, we have no problem
searching for certificates it pops right up so this is a little mismatch but
[Speaker 2]
I it's just because I don't know the system that but my impression is that this is a necessary
feature that I mean simpa will be like our company will be doing this but the Like the
stakeholder is certainly a man and this is the request from him So there is probably something
behind this decision that I just don't cannot comprehend so far But as of now, it feels like it's a
little well It's sort of certainly possible, but seems like some other parameters by which you can
search for the certificate are a little bit but What to say this? Not necessary. So to say just Okay,
I'll get back to a man on this one because this is interesting and the second thing which is this it
says Okay, he he suggests that we need to implement the logging of all the occurrences all the
actions that a user Does to certificates via in this case via the system, for example certificate is
added certificate is updated and Email has been sent.
The answer has been received Update corresponding update has been done. You know that
sort of thing. Is this already implemented somewhat somehow?
like maybe you don't maybe even know but I'm just wondering because it used to do so many
interactions and the flow is still like this like in the in the in the Best case scenario gets you
receive a certificate. You've received a report you go into the system. Everything balances.
You're happy You sent the email good.
[Speaker 1]
So yeah, if we're balanced, we usually don't tell them unless they didn't pay us Yeah, they know
if they don't care from us. We're good, right?
[Speaker 2]
But I can still at least count like five or six actions.
[Speaker 1]

Yes, we do. We we receive the report We get into the system. We check for errors.
We print it we build them Yeah, we do all of those things, right?
[Speaker 2]
And so he wants to log this like log is just um, it's just a note in the table that says okay This guy
did this to the certificate.
[Speaker 1]
So this is about that basically just to trace the history of all the actions We have a trace Access to
it So this report number This is what everybody did to it We have that already Yeah, look into
this the wrong day. So this is when this is a man's daughter. She helped keep this report in.
[Speaker 2]
Oh, really?
[Speaker 1]
Oh, yeah, she works here part-time. She's not here today But yeah, here's everything she did
and everything I did in the time and date that we did them Like we have that already wonderful
that his daughter is what I do. Yes.
[Speaker 2]
That's just great. I like it Okay, so the wrong day tells when report number was means which
report is it related to yes user ID who did this roster Here's what we did so the our list is that
page that I showed you that we balance to Okay, so On Stay on this report. Mm-hmm This is an
R list
[Speaker 1]
Mm-hmm these numbers input these totals are what we balance to on their report or minutes
That's the numbers There's no habit, but that's the number that they submitted that we balance
to and then down here approve this chain this changed by $60 Because of the exception so
here's what we input and what we totaled you here are the changes the difference was $60
after commission. It was 35. Okay, and then this screen shows you the $60 difference Okay, why
it was $60, right?
[Speaker 2]
So but getting back to the law to that. Can you go back to this?
[Speaker 1]

Yeah.
[Speaker 2]
Yeah Thank you so much. So that thing doesn't tell you what really happened at this moment
because it's very high level Don't you think or I mean, I can't say if it wasn't Detail, right? Yeah,
you're right It doesn't just says that something has occurred and someone did to this at some
certain point of time but what exactly happened no clue and File ID name or field name.
[Speaker 1]
I don't see field name the last So, no, no, I'm not saying it's bad I'm just saying this is a good
attempt, but probably this is one of the reasons why they want you to expose But once we're
balanced to their reporter minutes that they submit We if we were to and then we make all
those changes if we were to Snapshot again and take any of these changes off It would no
longer balance. So this shows you what changes happened, right?
[Speaker 2]
Well, yeah, this is your user experience from which you can tell how you can retrace it But that
and this is on the admin screen.
[Speaker 1]
Not everybody has to okay Okay privilege, but yeah, and then if so every certificate is given
what's called a cert ID And hi.
[Speaker 2]
Yes, right, right.
[Speaker 1]
We don't really use this a whole lot but You can use it here Aha, another field that tells you
everything. I guess nothing happened to that certificate. Yeah, right, okay But it should tell you
what happened to that certificate Going here because this one has a claim on it.
So this might be a little more important. Mm-hmm I don't play with this button a lot. No, no,
that's That's fine.
[Speaker 2]
There's nothing and that's just fine, you know, because if you don't use it, it doesn't yeah. No, I
guess that's not helpful That's good. That's good mmm, I I'm just trying to think why I mean, it's
not a question to you.
I'll talk to a man, but still Suppose the old it comes and you would need to understand as quick

as possible. What really happened to a Certificate you must be either very experienced to
quickly, you know understand what's going on or I've made these. Okay.
[Speaker 1]
Um, what's this? So whenever a new agent comes in? I'll work the first report and we make
notes You know that the person making corrections might need to know and we've told him
and we have to have this because some of them But Level off premiums may kick run quote
adjust sentiment letter That's the one where the right extra premium comes in, right?
So we we make and this tells us which quarter to use Interesting so that this is what you did
manually typed in. Well, I send it agent services and they add it But I mean not not every I
haven't had time to do every agent, right? But we've tried to catch most of them But like this
one does everybody do this like keep keep the track of this wonderful This this is their notes.
These are the notes that I've sent agent services for this agent Yes, and my goal was to make
these because right now we have a person assigned to a specific state, right? Because certain
states have certain rules and regulations and not everybody here notes them. Okay, like North
Carolina is net plus Three what that means is they are allowed to have three extra payments,
but that makes the premium kid Uh-huh So the person that does those corrections knows what
to look for and which one is accepted in which one is it?
But nobody else who's never done North Carolina knows.
[Speaker 2]
Yes state, right?
[Speaker 1]
Kentucky has Kentucky taxes for specific some counties add the taxes on the certificate and
some don't okay So this is the notes we have to make for Kentucky
[Speaker 2]
But these notes, I mean who type them like physically you right and so the agent services and
they plug them into the system Yeah, because it were to Jill to Jill to do it I'm sorry because they
were attentive and prompt in tracking your things.
Yeah, if the user is too fast So say my question is it will be blank, right? And if for example what
it comes you're in trouble because I mean you you're not if you're able still Somehow to trace it
back, but without these notes It makes it harder very very hard and you could risk making the
wrong Correction and then you get hit with an audit and that's a problem.
[Speaker 1]

So not all of them are correct I've told everybody if there's bullets and it says I did it where the
first couple of lines helps the person open in the mail the second couple of lines helps the
person processing and then the person doing corrections and then the person sending the
billing so I kind of have a Yeah, that's great, that's great right and I've tried to do every agent
but it's always impossible Here is
[Speaker 2]
Didn't we get some mess of with the certificates how they were originally if we did I apologize
maybe you Specific it's here I
[Speaker 1]
Don't know Okay, so here's Texas here's the notes I've made for this one So this tells us that it's
a manual that they upload it through the website and here's their platform providers So we can
reach out to them if we ever need to So another thing our system currently can't calculate
based on birthdays According to the certificate for this state They can have life coverage up to
their 71st birthday and they can have disability up to their 66th birthday Currently when we
keep a certificate in our system will say they can't have more than 12 months of coverage But
that's not true We have to go in and calculate when their 76th birthday is and they can have up
until the day before Okay, sometimes that means they can have 15 months and 28 days. So
that's an adjustment That's why that note is there, right?
This tells us that certificates, but this is I think a state regulation. It may be on this on the
document Certificates have a 30-day free look So what that means is if the agent submits a
cancellation to us within the first 30 days Our systems telling us no, they can't have that full
refund. But based on the language on the certificate So I have asked him and if he could
program it to hey, this is less than 30 days Don't kick that as an error so that's kind of what he's
wanting to do with his new system is make that not be an error because We already know That
they can have that Wow little things like that that he's trying to make easier for us.
I know As I've shown I've talked to him about that too
[Speaker 2]
Yeah, so Okay, now this is very interesting and thank you for commenting this because Like yes
at a high level they certainly want to log all the actions however, I still believe that you won't
replace because this is I mean this is just Wisdom business wisdom that you have and logs will
help but they can't replace it to the full extent And this is something that you would still
probably need to to use
[Speaker 1]
Yeah, we've asked him when the new system comes in. Please make these notes.

[Speaker 2]
Oh, yeah, because we have Right, but I'm pretty sure he will yeah, he's not going to kill it so let
me look on my end what I have from him and See if it makes sense to you So as far as
certificate search Here are the list of fields.
[Speaker 1]
He wants to add search by first and last name of Whoever he is so far So the question is why is
it add but I don't think we have a wild card like if you're looking for I'm not sure what wild card
is what wild card means if you don't know the full spelling Okay, and you just like okay, like say
we're looking for you and we don't know the full spelling You guys are asterisk or something. It
pops up. We don't have that.
Okay, we have to actually write type in the name Is it my surname?
[Speaker 2]
I was very close was it S-K-O-L-O-V. Almost, S-O-K, S-O-K-O-L-O-V V in the end. Let's see Why
man?
[Speaker 1]
Well, there's Tatiana.
[Speaker 2]
That's my wife. So Well, there's an A at the end Yeah, cuz that's the yeah says the Slavic thing
girls have A in the end They're female Tatiana. That's my wife's initials.
What? Cuz they're using underscores. So she has an A at the end of Tatiana that Tanya or
Tatiana's official name.
That's why she's Sokolova It's a yeah totally different world. Yeah language, but yeah, well,
that's I'll let her know she's Well, let's see if it was the same number. Yeah, and then it's okay,
sorry, it's not you're good Mikhail.
Okay, that's Michael.
[Speaker 1]
Oh, I have the period instead of that. It's really picky.
[Speaker 2]
Okay. Yeah And that's Wow Well, that is something. Okay, so search by first name in the last
name I can see that it's being done.

The question is Probably he meant Tatiana Tatiana It's just crazy No, we don't have one back for
2018, yeah There is not such cars just old poets So I travel there Yeah Well, it's good I like it
Maybe not date of birth. This is DOP. I mean the field is there isn't it?
So it means that this engine kind of expects it to work somehow Another so the thing is why he
thinks needs to add Probably because it doesn't work. Okay, I think I'll clarify it with him, but I
think it's just because They already have something on their end Yeah as a web service, but it
doesn't yet contain everything that this system contains and that's why we are to You know
migrate or mimic whatever has been done under the hood of This platform and SSN is there as
well. Yes.
[Speaker 1]
Yeah, and we can do four digits, too.
[Speaker 2]
Okay Right And it'll pop up everybody because some of our certificates only print four digits,
okay Yeah, this is what you said, right so Okay, so this is how they want to do now for the for
the logging table. Just just for your information. It will be like it's a Identification number the
certain ID that you don't really use then the value that has been changed The old value then
you about so for example change its value is amount that will be just a premium Yeah, the
premium so old value $100 new value $200 and then the reason will be also just as a separate
field Okay, and then when and by whom will this change has been done?
so Okay. Okay. Oh, right.
So ever checking is this somehow done? Oh Checks will be determined by review of access and
sequel code I mean So it like So, I don't know I don't know that that would now I know agent
services does something called an error check. Yes Yeah, yeah for agents her.
Yeah.
[Speaker 1]
Yeah for that.
[Speaker 2]
We don't do that in this department agent service We've got it here and yeah And this will
replace all of that because Terry right now is working on this as far as I understand She's the
main subject matter expert, but I think it okay. So Oh And then there's also what they want to
do They will want to track Communication not only the change requests on the database side
They will keep everything as far as how which emails which subjects which body in the system
Yeah, so they will just like big brother watching you Oh, I mean, it's possible there is a

[Speaker 1]
Currently what I've asked everyone to do is if you've emailed the agent and asked them a
question about an error Answer it print it and put it with the report and send it to sign because
I don't want the agent coming back and saying We didn't say that right?
[Speaker 2]
Yeah, and they want to work kind of Enhance this routine by you know supporting and all
together and we will be doing this in our end. Okay. Yeah, I Think okay.
So team Z's for the later Do you know it? Have you ever worked with the team Z website? It's a
demilitarized zone, whatever it means, okay I Think it's a good start and we can probably wrap
up here just because my main goal was again to see what what is the Flow and I see it's it's
quirkiness in the way that there's a lot of back and forth and it needs to be tracked And it needs
to be At least replicated if not improved Mm-hmm somehow and we will do our best our
developers.
I'm not going to do this luckily Yeah, so when we do our next team's call you want me to have a
report for you to watch That one go into or do you think you have all you need I think for now I
have all I need because again, can you say me right now if it's okay to get five more minutes?
Just what would you do without doing just step one step two step three and that's it Yeah, and
that will be enough because we want to I think this will just confirm the flow that it's right now
in my head And we'll see if I got it correctly. So that's what we need So let's just say a new
certificate starting point.
Yeah. Yeah, so let's just say this is a new certificate So, how would you approach this?
[Speaker 1]
Um a new report? Yeah a new report. Yeah a new report of the new certificate So this is a new
report So we go in and put in this report number This is something you started with.
Um, yeah, so this is what Cassie got this morning She gave it a report number put money on it
So this is and this is what we're gonna balance to they sent one new certificate in Cancellations.
[Speaker 2]
Okay, so it will be in certain new certificate plus updates.
[Speaker 1]
Um, yeah So these loans paid out early and a customer is do a refund that they tell us how
much is due back Our system doesn't get like this is what our system says. It should be. This is
what they're asking for We always put in what they asked for it won't kick unless it's right a lot
So that's like three dollars off System says it doesn't matter.

Okay, and then here is the new certificate I would do better if you guys just jumped in here and
watched me Yeah, I'm sorry for this Yeah, Michael said just catch We're all in a real quick issues
super fast Doing this a while. So we're right in reports pretty fast. Okay, so that's one issue and
two cancels So this that kind of goes down here.
So now we look at see if there's any errors. There's no This is over limits to see so this person
who just says the policy Is this So this tells us he has two policies one he opened in December
and when he opened in August He can't have more than $100,000 with this agent.
[Speaker 2]
Okay.
[Speaker 1]
Um, so that's a problem right and So here are your agent limits? They they've signed an
agreement that they will not sell more than $100,000 right coverage And this person has so
now what we have to do We have to email the agent And ask if this policy is still active because
they've exceeded by thirty two thousand five hundred twenty eight dollars So we'll email them
and say hey this August 2025 policy Is it still active in your system because sometimes they just
forgot to send us the cancellation. Okay Um, if they forgot they'll send us the cancellation will
cancel it. They can have this one If that's still active we have to reduce this one right now We're
in a new loan is seventy five thousand two hundred six dollars and eighty seven or his new loan
is Seven thousand three hundred twenty one dollars and nineteen cents Because he's
exceeding it by thirty.
Oh, it's fifty cents See his new policy is fifty seven thousand three hundred twenty one dollars
and nineteen cents His old policy seventy five thousand. He's over by thirty two thousand So if
they're both active we have to reduce this one by thirty two thousand five hundred twenty
dollars and six cents So we can only ensure twenty four thousand seven hundred ninety three
dollars and thirteen cents of his August policy If they're both active, right? Um, so when the
agent comes back and tells us then we reduce it which we always let them know that because
ensuring 75,000 and changing that to 24,000 Sometimes that that doesn't help the customer
any because we only insuring a third of their loan Sometimes if the agent has another contract
with another insurance company, which rarely happens They will tell us to withdraw the policy
and don't go put it on the other insurance company, right? But most of the time it's active and
we have to reduce it. So we have a code So let's say let's say what's that?
This is what we would do if we fixed it So we're going to have to change this to twenty four
thousand seven hundred ninety three dollars and thirteen cents Eight the system tells us the
premium will be one thousand six dollars and thirty five cents Now we're going to run these
over limits again Now you can see we're at the hundred thousand dollars Now it's good But
now we have to notify the customers. We're going to go here is our changes without any
explanation Okay We've reduced the benefit.

[Speaker 2]
We've reduced the premium.
[Speaker 1]
So this is the original value the new value. This is the difference See, but now we have to explain
and we have codes for that which I want to update these codes because they're not
representative They're not I Don't feel they help the agent understand their internal notes.
[Speaker 2]
Yeah, right.
[Speaker 1]
I think it's External friendly so it says debtor exceeds cumulative life-filled underwriting limits
Well, they actually exceed the maximum Because you can exceed cumulative Yeah, meaning
you just need health questions. Yes, but you because they're under any limits usually less Let's
say they have a $25,000. That's when they exceed cumulative.
This is maximum. This is different Maximum and I think build an underwriting now because
that's just not needed Better exceeds the maximum cumulative underwriting limits Reduce lifebenefit to maximum available so this Language also goes in the customer letter. So it needs to
be Able for the customer when they get this letter in the mail to understand as well Sometimes
Sometimes they'll call and ask So here is my Wording to go with what happened wonderful.
So now this goes to the agent. We'll do a letter And that's if both policies end up being active
will you add this comment to that?
[Speaker 2]
I'm sorry I don't remember which tab it is for the heat with the flowers I mean, are you going to
leave a note about this there or not yet?
[Speaker 1]
No, the reason why is that is Universal across the board all agents.
[Speaker 2]
Okay.
[Speaker 1]
Um, the only time it isn't is we have So so the notes that we all do Aren't in here. These are
specific. These are notes for Something say if you process Mississippi and you grab this,

Missouri You can maybe help that person with these specific notes, but all across the board We
all know if they exceed right the maximum limits on the extraordinary stuff But we do have
certain states based on the certificate.
They don't have cumulative coverage Meaning It's a per certificate form, right? So we don't look
at a cumulative as long as the certificate doesn't exceed and this is really old. It has not been
updated But this is a little key That we've been trying to keep up with Here's per cert.
Here's cumulative. So they submit this cert We don't care if they have more than one health
question. They can they can have yeah, you know, right So again, that's a state some some
states are different than other states Okay Okay.
Yeah, that's that's what would happen Wonderful. I mean I enjoyed this session Very clear so
this shows Here's how much they paid.
[Speaker 2]
Uh-huh.
[Speaker 1]
The change we made says we owe them six eighty eight seventy eight and That's what this is
going to total six eighty seventy eight. So we will cut them in check We email them a billing tell
them hey, we're gonna send you this money back because they're over and then they are
supposed to Fix it in their system. Okay, they don't always a lot of them are really good about
making the adjustment the ones who don't When they send us the re when they pay that loan
out and they send us the refund They'll send it based on the original coverage.
They're not what we adjusted Yeah, and then again, it's refund caps and then we have to say
hey we adjusted this I understood understood. Yeah. Well, it's tedious process It is and and I
thought we spend like 95% of our time doing corrections You know the certificates in the
system that takes us no time, right?
That is not what takes up our time It's it's the correction.
[Speaker 2]
Well in my speed up. I'm pretty sure it will because the request is from you from So, I mean it's
good when it's like proactive from those who actually know what needs to be done But not the
vice versa when somebody Who doesn't really work into this specific area says, okay. This is
how it should be done because I have some Big understanding.
Yeah. Yeah, so this is not the case good good. No.
[Speaker 1]

Yeah No, I appreciate you sitting here and learning this because that will just make the change
much easier I hope so.
[Speaker 2]
Yes. My job right now is to just basically process this again, and I will sync with Amon right now
to see Hey, so this is how I understood it. Am I correct?
This is why it's need to be done And yeah, if I come up with some kind of diagram, I'll let you
know as well. Okay, so Thank you so much. It was a wonderful session.
[Speaker 1]
I think we can probably adjourn here Yeah Great I hope whoever watches this video makes
sense.
[Speaker 2]
Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, I mean I I can guarantee

